I recently showed you how to make a cape
for your super kid now you can complete
his superhero costume with a utility
belt and mask this tutorial is sponsored
by all free sewing calm we'll be using
felts for this project because it's
inexpensive and won't fray start by
measuring your super kid around the
waist add three inches for comfort and
grills cut a strip of felt to that Lane
make it three and a half inches wide
round off one end of the strip
next we'll sew ribbon to the center of
the strip fold under the right edge of
the ribbon when pinning it to the
straight end so it won't fray then pin
the ribbon at evenly spaced intervals
about three or four inches apart
vertically stitch the ribbon in place
where you've pinned this will create
loops to hang the superhero gear
add velcro tabs on the underside of the
rounded end and on the top of the
straight end so the velcro horizontally
above and below the ribbon be sure
you're using a thread that matches the
felt
add a little pizzazz to the belt by
cutting out a circle shape and stitching
it to the rounded end of the belt
now you can add the superhero gear try
checking the dollar store first you
might choose gadgets like toy binoculars
a cell phone bungee cords a flashlight
and a whistle they also had a variety of
cases that could clip onto the belt
now we can make the masks begin by
printing off the free superhero mask
template from made by marzipan calm I've
included both a large and small sized
cutout the mask that will fit best cut
out the eye holes as well measure around
your superheroes head and add an inch
for comfort you'll notice that the
straps on the template continue off the
page you want to lengthen these straps
to fit your superhero my child's head
was 19 inches around so I measured 20
inches of felt and centered the mask in
the middle pin then cut out the mask and
eye holes
remove the paper template
now we need to add the velcro so a piece
to the front of one strap and so the
coordinating piece to the other end on
the backside
finally you can decorate your mask with
fabric puff paint if you'd like allow to
dry for a few hours before wearing now
he's ready to save the day this tutorial
was sponsored by all three sewing calm
to print the free mask
template as well as the pattern for the
superhero cape please visit my website
made by marzipan calm